you've built an empire from the ground
up mr. Hill it's an honor the man who
built in New York people will insist
that your buildings make you immortal
now as you slip away do you feel
immortal
we offer humanity's greatest minds more
time to fulfill their potential designed
to offer you the very best of the human
experience it's alive and empty that's
long if we do this there's no turning
back your old life is over what's that
something's done your well it's
something to stop your heart how are you
feeling has her new body smell sense of
humor good just relax and have some fun
after all at your age I'd say you've
after all our work you can
there's money in the best club huh
you okay so thing anything like that
about 32 here this was an association
immortality has some side effects well
how is this possible there is no science
no progress without sacrifice
I never wanted others to suffer I gave
you what you wanted you to the MIT life
no I did
soon I'll be going I can already feel my
selfie without me your mind will relapse
and we both know it takes over I'm the
only one standing between you and
oblivion as leaders in consciousness
transfer technology we have brought
humanity into a new era providing the
brightest minds renewed life to fulfill
their true potential